in 2016
Apple announced their new MacBook Pros
they had a 15 inch version and they had
a 13 inch version and these were devices
that looked incredibly beautiful these
were just such a different look from
everything else on the market at the
time and they just looked like works of
art but right away there were some kind
of issues that people had with the new
designs for one the touch bar was
something that people weren't sure if
they're gonna actually make use of like
it just felt like potentially a gimmick
and three years later maybe it didn't
pan out in terms of its usability the
way that Apple wanted it to but there
were other issues and I would say bigger
issues that stem from the fact that
these devices were built in such a thin
form factor now before I go any further
I have to explain that I'm someone that
prefers Mac OS I like Mac books I like
iPhones but as a reviewer I feel like
the responsible thing for me to do is to
actually look out for issues like this
so the first thing I get into is the
keyboard this is a keyboard that was
created specifically to fit into a super
thin chassis it's called a butterfly
keyboard and what makes it unique or
special is the fact that the switch is
inside this keyboard are very
low-profile when you use it for the
first time it just feels a little bit
different from any other keyboard out
there and even for Apple users to use
this keyboard it was a little bit like
why did I will do this it just feels so
different from the original MacBook Pro
keyboard but the issue is that the
durability and the long-term reliability
of this butterfly mechanism is not great
there were a lot of people that had
issues with these keyboards because dust
or other particulate matter would get
underneath the key cap and just screw
things up in the switch and in 2018
Apple addressed this a little bit like
they put a membrane underneath there and
people thought maybe this would fix
things but you can see right now there's
still a lot of issues with those
membranes keyboards because dust is
still getting underneath them and it's
causing problems and the whole reason
why this thing exists the whole reason
why people are having issues with this
keyboard is because they had to fit this
keyboard into something so thin and when
you compare this device to the older
generation like the 2015 MacBook Pro
it's not like it's that much smaller
right it is noticeably smaller but it's
not like people were using that 2015
MacBook and thinking like oh we need a
thinner laptop because this won't do it
wasn't the case but Apple decided to
make something thinner they went for it
and these are the issues that we've had
so the other thing that comes from
having such a thin device is when you
make something super thin you can't have
removable components inside the RAM
being soldered on isn't anything new
Apple has been doing it for years and
other Windows laptops have been doing it
for a while but having soldered on
storage it's such an inconvenience you
can't ever upgrade your storage and if
anything ever goes wrong you have to
send the whole device back to get it
fixed it's seriously stupid and for what
to shave one or two millimeters off the
device it doesn't feel like it was worth
it and another issue that's popped up
more recently is the display cable so
the 2016 and 2017 MacBook Pros have a
pair of cables that connect the screen
to the chassis which are very thin there
are quite delicate and over time as
people bend the screen back and forth it
cause issues it's something called stage
lighting where the backlight has some
issues and eventually the backlighting
can fail completely now Apple supposedly
fix this or attempted to fix this on the
2018 models where they extended the
cable a little bit as I fix it uncovered
but they wouldn't have had to do this in
the first place if they had gone with a
thicker chassis they made it super thin
because they had to run this super thin
cable to make this whole thing as thin
as possible the fourth problem that came
from Apple using such a thin chassis or
thermal issues and this is something
that only affects people that use their
devices really aggressively but on the
15-inch MacBook Pro like I demonstrated
earlier this year or in 2018
it just can't cool the really powerful
CPUs and this is literally the thinnest
laptop in the world that has a core i-9
it's super thin but like again for what
right we're saving millimeters here and
we have a heavily crippled device so my
overall take on their devices
it's from 2016 2017 2018 that's like
three years now these are made way too
thin there's a lot of compromises people
have had to make just so they can have
such an aesthetically pleasing device
and I actually think it's one of the
best if not the best looking laptops on
the market right now but at what cost
right you're having issues with thermals
with the keyboard with the screen and
potentially the price because it's so
thin so I think going forward Apple
needs to make these things thicker not
to the degree of this videos thumbnail
that's obviously a bit of an
exaggeration but in its current state
these are too thin the issues that we've
had with these devices over the past
years is clearly an indication that they
made something that was a little bit too
thin but knowing Apple I don't think
that they're gonna kind of retract on
this and make them thinner I feel like
they really should and I feel like a lot
of people that use their devices would
want something that's a little more kind
of practical but what do you guys think
should Apple keep their devices thin for
the aesthetic or should they make them
thicker to fix the issues that they've
had plaguing these devices over the past
few years
you